Comprehensive README extension with detailed hardware and software documentation, plus GitHub templates (#2)
the78mole/moles-integ-dtu-hw: README.md

- [Pin Mapping](#pin-mapping)
- [Software Installation](#software-installation)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Performance Specifications](#performance-specifications)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Resources](#resources)

## Features

- **ESP32 Integration**: Full ESP32 development board compatibility
- **Sub-GHz Communication**: NRF24L01+ transceiver support for solar inverter communication
- **Compact Design**: Optimized PCB layout for minimal footprint
- **Open Source**: Full KiCad project files and documentation
- **DTU Ready**: Pre-configured for AhoyDTU and OpenDTU deployment
- **RF Performance**: Optimized RF design with optional PA+LNA enhancement
- **Easy Assembly**: Interactive BOM and detailed assembly instructions

## Hardware Specifications

### Core Components

| Component | Specification | Description |
|-----------|--------------|-------------|
| **Microcontroller** | ESP32-WROOM-32 | Dual-core Xtensa LX6, WiFi & Bluetooth |
| **RF Transceiver** | NRF24L01+ | 2.4GHz ISM band, up to 2Mbps |
| **Power Supply** | 3.3V/5V compatible | On-board voltage regulation |

> | **Flash Memory** | 4MB (ESP32 internal) | Program and data storage |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Flash Memory** | 4-16MB (ESP32 internal) | Program and data storage, depending on chosen WROOM-Module |
```
